Add doc about speakers script (#34)
Hamakor/pycon-il-2024: README.md

  and there run the command `npm install`
- "Compilation" (mostly of the Less sources): Run the command
  `npm run build`

> 
> 
> To create the speakers page you need to run the speakers.py script from
> inside the virtualenv like this (assuming the site is generated from
> website_2024 folder):
> 
>     python ./speakers.py <event-name> -t <api-token> -o ./website_2024/content/pages/speakers.md
> 
> 
> When you want to build the site itself, use `make html` from the

Reviewer: Hi,

That's good in what it includes, but it's missing two parts: One is that generating the
speaker's page is an essential part of building the site, and the other is where the
script parameters come from.

So:

```suggestion

When you want to build the site itself, there's two things you need to do:

First, to create the speakers page, you need to run the 
`speakers.py` script (found in the repo's root folder) from
inside the virtualenv like this (assuming the site is generated from
website_2024 folder):

    python ./speakers.py <event-slug> -t <api-token> -o ./website_2024/content/pages/speakers.md

In this command, `<event-slug>` is the slug for the event in Pretalx,
and `<api-token>` is an authentication token you can get from your 
Pretalx profile page. For PyCon Israel 2024, `event-slug` is `pycon-2024`,
and your profile page is https://cfp.pycon.org.il/pycon-2024/me/ .

Then, use `make html` from the
```
